hey guys my name is Jimmy Davidson today
we're here the calm front dash out
tutorial
so the conch front - out is tumors glued
together the first part is the conch
front to do the Cocteau flip it's really
helpful to first know how to do a front
flip on the ground I'll give you a few
slow-motion examples as a reference but
you can look up a different front flip
tutorial I'll put a link in the
description so if the Peconic front flip
you're really just doing a front look
over the block and you're assisting
yourself by pushing off of the block
it's actually easier to doing just a
regular standing from them so I'll give
you an example on that a good thing to
keep in mind it is not be front
handspring a fret handspring you're open
up your body and your heel driving
around on the conch front it's just like
a pro clip where you're pushing up off
of the block so it's not the front
handspring I'll show you for a
handspring so you have a good reference
on a calm front you stay tucked in that
front foot position all you're doing is
pushing yourself up in a way the second
part to this move is e just the regular
- ball is the death this is a basic ball
so I recommend knowing this knowing it
really well before it's something that's
smooth okay so there are a few
progressions before trying the confront
- oh the first one will be a double cone
you need to have a solid double Kong to
be able to get that initial push and be
able to judge the distance between the
two objects you're trying to do the move
over so a double Kong
what's really important at the double
comm is the first Kong the ability to
push on the block and get your body up
in the air the the hands how you push on
the block is identical to the konk
Franklin what do you gotta do if you're
gonna go up and push your body up it
should be like you're literally doing a
push-up off of the block when you're
doing the conch Rockland it's the exact
same hand position the exact same
muscles you just happen to be doing a
front flip instead of the first part of
your double column okay so to start this
move I recommend trying it on something
that's short with no gap in between so
if you don't have a gym which blocks
like these you can go to a park table or
a park bench or anything anything that's
not too long and does not have a gap in
between what you're wanting you first
before trying to come front - yeah
there's just double you need to be
able to double apply and see your body
can get a sense of how far it is the
sense of how much power you need to jump
into it once you get a good feel of how
much power you need to go over the
object you can start trying to come from
- out when you exit the move when you're
doing that - out when you're halfway
through the front clip you're gonna
reach behind you and feel the object
with your hands once your hands get
there you're gonna try to hold yourself
up and let your body finish the rotation
so you're almost gonna catch yourself on
your hands and wait for your feet to
come down and then do the - ball out the
sooner you get your hands down on the
object the safer it's gonna be if you
wait too long to eat your hands down
you risk crashing your tailbone into the
end of the object which would be bad
obviously
so if you do have an object with the gap
in the middle like I said before make
sure you double Kong it first so you get
an idea of how much power it's gonna
take to get over the object so things
people run into trouble with is not
getting enough power off the initial
Kong front flip so I recommend just
practicing the conference but a lot of
times people don't get enough push or
they treat it like a front handspring
make sure you get a good jump and you
get a good tug and as you tug that's
when you push off of the block you don't
want to push
because that will stunt your profit and
you'll end up just pushing into the
block it should be jump begin your front
flip and then start pushing up like that
alright guys that was the conf replic
tutorial I'll give you a few different
angles slow motion if you have any
questions feel free to ask them in the
comments and I'll get back to you thanks
guys I'm Jimmy from Temecula parkour and
if you have any more comments or if you
want any more parkour tutorials head
over to American parkour calm and they
got your hook up thanks guys
you